Sorry.
Hello, hi.
How is everyone doing and how is the
weekend?
All was good, not long enough that.
Yeah, even I like the weekends more,
but it's OK.
Okay, so for today,
sorry for the confusion earlier because
me and Vrisha was under the impression
that we do not have any session today.
But after I saw a message from Tara,
I really approached Aaron saying that we
need to have a seminar so that the
students can practise it ahead rather
than having it on.
Thursday or next week. So for today,
we will be discussing the test on how to
do it. For the interviews,
we'll do it next week.
We'll just do the test today.
I'll show you exactly where is the test,
how do we approach it,
and what are the questions,
like what are the expected questions out
of it.
Okay, so before we start,
I think I have my computer set up for the
hand execution so that I can show you the
hand execution.
But I think while I'm showing you the
hand execution, I'll turn off my camera.
If you have any questions,
Vrisha would be able to answer it.
I think Tara,
you would be doing it for the first time.
So we do,
I do not expect you to be able to answer
the questions,
but if you still know something,
I would be more than happy for you to
look at the chat and, you know,
point out that, hey, Saloni, you know,
you missed out on the question. Okay,
so we'll start.
Hello.
Wu.
Okay.
So, we'll start with where the test is.
So, this is test two,
and if you go into the resources section,
if you download it and open the zip file,
this is where your practise test should
be. When you start with the practise test,
just because you would be doing it online.
My personal recommendation is to start
with the student name and your student ID
and decide on, you know,
what do you want to start with and how do
you want to proceed forward with it. Okay.
And...
Yeah, okay. So for the first question,
we have to, it's the same,
like from last time, we only,
we had I think 6 questions,
but this time we have only four questions.
It's very coding related, so that,
you know,
it has a lot of questions with what are
the functions,
how do you declare a struct,
how do you do the hand execution.
Okay,
so we'll start with the first-hand
execution.
I will just convert this to word so that
it's a little easier for us.
Sorry,
my computer doesn't support the auto word
conversions.
I always have to do it this way.
So I have two system in front of me.
So if I'm looking this way,
just don't think that I'm ignoring all of
you. So this is where we start from.
So we always start with what is your name?
And we start with the Student ID.
whatever is your student ID. Okay,
and after this,
we'll start with the hand execution.
For this one, we have to read a lot of it.
So what I'll do is I'll do the hand
execution just right here so that you
understand what we expect or what
We want to do, OK, so...
Let's start with...
Okay, so now if you see in this one,
we have something called as size.
Just not letting me do it.
Okay, it's letting me do it.
Okay,
so this is where I think we'll do our
hand execution. In this one,
we have something called as size.
So we write down size.
So that's the first thing that we do,
which is writing down.
size. Okay,
I think it's because of my camera,
it's lagging.
Thank you.
I hope this helps.
Okay,
so now what we have to do is first we
write down size. So we'll write down size.
And we know that the size is 5.
Teh.
Now, after we have size,
we have something called as struct. OK,
when we call a struct,
how do we proceed forward with it?
For the struct, what we need is a box. So,
when we want to declare a struct,
we need to.
To have a box.
So, we will draw a box. Now,
what does this box say?
This box says that this is the struct
that I have. Now, inside this struct,
what do we have?
One is an array and one is a normal
variable, right?
So, what we do is we declare an...
Addy.
Inside it, which is numbers,
in that we have...
Yeah,
in that we have another box which is an
array.
So how do we denote or how do we draw an
array is by...
Just like this.
Now what is the size of the array which
is 5?
So it is already given to us that the
size of the array is 5. So one, two.
Three, 4, and five. Now,
the array usually starts with zero,
so we'll start with zero.
1.
Two.
BREE.
And 4.
Now what we do is we write the numbers
inside the array.
And so we'll write the values inside the
array.
We already have the values that I've
declared here.
We have it in the questions.
I'll write it later. Now what we have.
Next is...
Mystery, so we'll write down.
Mystery.
Okay, now for mystery, like last time,
every variable has a memory block,
so we will have a memory block for
mystery. Okay, once we have mystery,
what we need to do is we need to get
inside the loop.
Okay, so when we go inside the loop,
we have int i. So,
but is this i inside the struct? No,
it is not.
So what we do is we write down what we
want to do inside this.
So this is where my.
I will go and this is where my box of I
will be there. OK,
so this outside box that you see this.
this box, it's not necessary. So this box,
it's not necessary.
This is something that I drew just to
make you understand that this is where
I'm doing hand execution,
but it's not important for you to throw
it.
This is how you need to proceed forward
with the question. Okay, now.
What we have is a data that we are
referring to a struct.
So we are passing the data using pass by
reference. So what we do is.
We have a data that.
Yeah.
We have a data that we are passing
through this. Now what is it called?
How are we passing it?
So we're using the struct and what are we
passing it with? We are passing it with.
D, so we write down.
OK, now in this,
what we'll do is first we'll write down
all the values that we have,
which are declared here. Now,
most of you would have the questions that,
where did I get the D from? So, D.
numbers with this,
so D is what we are referring it to.
Yeah,
so now we'll so your if you say it's that
double D. So that's how I referred it. OK,
now we'll write down the values inside it.
So inside this small, small boxes,
we'll write down the values.
Okay, I think I would need a bigger box.
Oh, if you see, I will enter these values,
and this is how we enter the values. Now,
once we enter the values...
What do we do?
So, this is minus 20.0.
This is.
Hey, Saloni, your screen sharing is off.
Sorry to cut you off.
Oh.
Just give me one second.
Teh.
So my system is lagging,
just give me a minute.
Okay, I think this should be working.
I don't know why it's lagging for me to
show you,
but this is the solution that I was going
to share like last time that we had.
So it's easier. Can you see it now,
Vrisha?
Yeah, can see the screen.
Oh, yes, perfect.
So this is what I prepared.
It's the same thing that we've already
discussed by now. So see,
the size equal to 5,
the numbers have already entered the
values of the numbers here.
We have mystery, we have I, we have data.
Everything is the same as we discussed up
till now. OK, so now...
We go inside this loop and we start slow,
so for first we need to have the data dot
mystery is equal to data dot numbers zero.
When I say zero, it means the index zero.
Yeah, so if you see the index.
should be 0.
So what most students do is they will
start with minus 20.0,
but the question asks you to have 0.
0 as your beginning.
Does that make sense? So,
what you do is you start...
Sorry, I'll just...
Yeah,
so you what you do is you start with zero.
OK,
just because the question asks you to
start with zero, so you start with zero.
Now, if you see the loop...
It tells you for I equal to 0,
I should be less than size.
Now is 0 because we starting with 0 here.
So, is 0 less than five? Yes, it is.
Is 0 less than size? Yes, it is. So,
we go inside the if loop.
We don't do I now, we finish this,
and then we do I. OK,
so now we cheque if data dot numbers I,
which is 20.0, is that?
Greater than data dot mystery.
We cheque that.
Now, am I going right?
Is this the right way of going forward
with the loop?
I can't hear anyone or I can't read the
chats because my camera is off so some
replies would be great.
So what I did was after I wrote this,
I directly went into this loop.
So is this the right way of going inside
the loop?
So, technically,
what students do is they go over here,
Yes.
they write zero,
and they directly start with the loop,
right? That's not.
Someone said yes.
Yes.
So that's not what we do.
It's because we write 0 and this is the
line that you need to observe, right?
Most of the students,
they miss out on this line.
So what we do is we start from zero,
then we start with data dot mystery is
equal to data dot number zero.
That means we need to have this,
which is this over here,
and then we go into the loop,
so we cancel this and we do minus 20.0.
Okay, now after we have...
This minus 20.0.
Now then we go into the loop.
So now we cheque for I equal to 0.
I should be less than size. The size is 5,
so it's zero less than five. Yes.
Now we cheque if data dot numbers I which
is data dot numbers I which is.
minus 20.0 is that greater than data.
mystery? We cheque it. If that is true,
we go ahead. But in this scenario,
it's not true.
So what we do is we do i plus plus.
So now, this will become one.
OK, now after this becomes one,
we again start with the loop.
Is one less than five? Yes,
if data numbers I, so now it is 3.2, is 3.
2 greater than this? Yes, it is.
Is 3.2 greater than minus 20.0? Yes,
it is. So we strike it out and we write 3.
2.
Then, if that is...
True, then we do I, so now this is to.
OK, now is 2 less than size? Yes, it is.
If data dot numbers I which is 3.
2 greater than 1.9? No.
So do we get into this loop? No.
So we do I plus.
Plus,
which is cancel this and we do three. OK,
now we again cheque is 3 less than five.
Yes, it is.
Then we cheque if data dot numbers I,
which is 1.
5 greater than data dot mystery.
Which is 3.2, is it no? So,
do we go inside the loop? We don't.
We do I now after I,
what do we do is we cheque again if data
numbers I, which is 1.3 is 1.
greater than 3.2? No.
So what we do is we don't go inside the
loop, but we do I plus plus.
So cancel this and we write.
Five now, is 5 less than five? No,
so this is where we stop the loop.
So,
this is the correct format of writing a
hand execution. Now,
I'll repeat what all is necessary,
so we have the numbers, sorry.
So we have the numbers, which is this,
that we declared here inside the struct.
We have a struct.
The struct is always denoted by this box,
which is outside. Then we have numbers,
which is just right here.
It's an array,
so we declare an array of size 5,
then we have mystery, so we have...
Mystery. In that, whatever variables,
sorry, whatever values will come,
it will be later on.
Then we go inside the loop, we cheque I,
so we declare I. Now,
where did this D come from?
The D is your what?
What are we referencing it to? Data,
so data.
is referencing to D, which is our struct.
Then we go ahead and then we calculate
the values. Okay,
I understand that this is a bit messy,
so just give me like 5 minutes after I'm
done with the explanation of the test and
I'm happy to share you the correct a
little more neat.
Version of this,
so it's you can understand what I'm
trying to do. OK,
do we have any questions? If yes,
can we just unmute it and just, you know?
Ask it.
Do you,
does anyone want me to repeat or anything?
All good, very well explained.
Oh, thank you so much. Okay,
so now we'll move on to the next question.
Write a data structure just because that
version of my file is not working.
So now you have the answer in front of
you, but I'll go through the format.
It becomes a little more easier for you.
So it says write a data, sorry.
You need to always read this.
Now what you are doing is you are
creating a system for managing computers.
The following fields are needed.
First is your identity, sorry,
identification number, your description,
and your location.
It will always tell you the name that you
have to declare it with.
and what it needs to capture. So first,
what we do is we write struct Computer
Data. Whenever you declare a struct,
you never have the struct S capital or
the computer data C, as you can see.
That C should never be capital.
Then we go, we have the brackets. In that,
what we have is the identification number,
the description, and the location. For me,
I have returned the short form for the
description. You can write the full form,
that's okay. Now there can be two things.
Some students can declare the string,
sorry,
can declare the ID as int or string.
Both the things are correct.
There is no specific rule of declaring it
always a string. OK.
So, this is how you declare a struct.
Now, we'll go to the next question.
Write a function to read in the
information for a number to read.
We want a number to read the number of
computers into the computer list. Now,
when I say list, computer list,
I think we are very clear on the list.
Part OK,
we already have the function which is
given here,
and this is what we have declared here.
Now,
for students who have declared ID as int,
because most of you, I think,
will declare ID as int,
so for that students I have.
created,
how do you convert the int into string?
To string using to string. For example,
if you're only using it as string,
that's completely fine.
This is how you do it dot ID. That's it.
You don't need to string. Currently,
I'm doing 2 string because we are
declaring IDs.
OK, now how do we read it? Whenever,
whenever you have something like read in
the information, that means we always,
always, always need a loop.
So this is like a trick thing or this is
like a hint where you can understand what
you need to do.
So whenever there is read in the
information.
it's always a for loop.
Whenever there is something called as, oh,
I want to repeat it continuously,
that means we want a while loop.
So this is how you can decide on what
loops to use.
So then we declare a for loop. Now,
what do we need in the for loop?
Is.
I equal to 0 because that's how we'll
start. We want the number to be max,
so we'll compare it with the max.
So we'll have max computers.
Now how will we increment it?
We'll do I plus plus.
Then it is as simple as write lines.
We are just printing out the list.
So this is how you print out. Again,
I'm repeating,
I'm only doing 2 string here because I've
declared int ID as int. OK,
if you declare it as string,
it's just dot.
Fourth and the most important,
or the long question in this one,
will always,
they'll always have the main function
that they'll ask you to write a main
function in which we ask the user to
store 2 for computer num,
which is the number of computers.
Then call your read computers because I
want to read the computers which I did it
over here.
And they want to.
Print the list of computers. Now,
for each section,
you will have some space that is
allocated to you,
in which you will have to write down your
answers.
The main function is already given here,
in which they have returned const int max
equal to 100,
which is the maximum size of array of
computers.
We also have computer data called as
computers,
which is with S with the max size,
and we have computer num,
which is initialised to us.
Now we need to ask for the number of
computers.
So how do we ask with the normal write
line and then printing the num?
And then I asked it, why am I doing?
toy because we want it to read the number
of computers and we are converting it
because it's given to us.
Like it's asking,
the question is asking for it.
Now, how do we read in the computer list?
We want to read, but not this way,
where we are not printing out max
computers,
but we are doing with the number of
computers. So,
here there is only one change,
which is Computer num.
While we are printing it out,
just because we are printing the list,
this answer goes in the form of array
with list, which is I.
Okay.
Now, we just print the list of computers,
so we print computer list in which we'll
print both computers.
Which is computers,
and will also print the computer num,
so the output that we get from here,
we want it here, so we do Computer now.
Okay,
so this is how you approach the test.
You go in,
you start with writing your name, your ID,
you do the hand execution.
There's a format,
there's a very strict format on which we
want the hand execution.
We would always want your struct to be
referenced. We would also want it.
to have the array, the index values to it,
we would want the size,
we would want mystery, I, all of it.
After that, we'll want,
I don't know if for all the questions,
if it's truck, it can be a procedure,
a function, anything.
For just in this question,
if we have truck to be declared.
We do struct Computer data,
we declare all the values that is being
asked over here.
Then we write the function and then the
main question.
The main question is common.
For all the tests,
we will definitely have one main question
in which they will write something like
this and then they will have the main
function and then you answer the.
Questions over here,
which is given each question, answer,
question, answer. OK,
we don't expect you to write the whole
thing, just this.
No.
Um...
So for the students who are giving the
test online,
your test would not to be marked as
complete.
Your test would be marked as discuss.
Once you pass the interview,
your test will be marked as complete. OK,
so if you have a resubmit or a redo,
you will have to appear for the test
again. If you have a resubmit, you fix it.
and submit it again. Okay.
So I think this is the standard method
for the test too.
Now for the interviews,
I got a lot of emails.
I don't think so I have, I was able to.
reply to all the emails.
What would be asked in the interview?
You will have basic questions which would
be covered from P1 to P8.
The interview slots would be declared so
that if you are not able to attend a
certain interview slot,
you can always ask for the another slot.
And am I missing out on anything?
Am I missing out on anything, Vrisha?
No.
I think you're doing OK.
That's everything.
Okay.
How do we view the slots?
That's the question: How do we view the
Sen.
slots?
I think what,
I think Aaron will be giving you out the
slot timings and you decide whether we
obviously understand that you might not
be available during that slot,
but you can e-mail it to him or message
it to him saying,
I'm not available for so and so slot.
Can you please move on to the next slot?
So this is all very secondary.
This is when your test is marked to
discuss.
So this will happen a bit later.
So you don't have to stress about it now.
Yeah.
Okay, do we have any questions?
So I will be putting the test in inside
the, how do I say, inside the...
inside the chat,
I just need to change it a bit and make
it more readable. Once I do that,
I'm more than happy to paste it like last
time that I did.
Do we have any other questions?
Anyone would like to ask me any questions?
Okay. If you don't have any questions,
you're more than happy to end the class.
I'm more than happy for you to leave or
you can stay as well.
For the students who want a one to one
session,
I would appreciate you raising your hand
so that we can start with the one to one
session and we can proceed with the class.
Thank you.
Vrisha,
what I'll do is I'll just write down the
hand execution for the students.
So do you,
if there are any students who want a one
to one,
Yeah.
is it possible for you to hop on to the
call? Also, Tara,
if it's possible for you to hop on to the
call. Once I get free,
I'll also start with the one.
Perfect.
That works.
So, if anyone has any questions,
please don't hesitate to raise your hand,
and we'll just take it up to you. Or,
if you have any general questions here
also, you can just set it up.
Okay,
so I think I've uploaded the solution.
So now I see students. Okay, Ben,
do you have any questions? Ben, BENITO.
Okay, uh, JEZREEL,
do you have any questions?
Okay, Ravi, do you have any questions?
Yes, I messaged you just before,
if I could just have a chat to you.
Oh yeah, sure. I'm sorry,
I did not see the message.
I can just give you a call.
Just give me one minute and I'll give you
Perfect. Thanks, Celine.
a call.
Okay, thank you.
So Vrisha,
if we don't have any students or any
doubts,
we can actually end the session early.
I'll just wait for Ravi because I think
the call got cut automatically between me
and him. So once I am, if you want,
you're more than happy to leave the
session. Also, thank you, Tara.
If you have any doubts, we can.
discuss if not even you are more than
happy to leave the session.
Yeah.
No worries at all.
Yeah, thank you.
There, all good.
Thank you.
Yes, Vrisha, you were saying something?
Sorry, I just said, like, all good,
and I'll see you later.
Okay, see ya.
Right.
Hi, um, JEZREEL,
do you have any questions? Do you have,
do you want to ask me anything?
Yes,
I was just dragging behind a bit on the
task,
so I saw that you have to complete up to
P8 to be able to answer some of the
questions in the test too. So I was just..
.
spending some a little bit time
understanding the concept of abstract.
So why I just was doing a bit of reading
and I just got it.
So my question would be,
I wasn't really understanding what was
being said.
Like, I quite understand the void, it's...
It's um...
It ends with a return,
so something in between that will not
give a calculation or anything, so...
Um...
Yeah,
so it won't give a result of any
calculation between those two different
void and the return. So the for loop,
I wasn't really understanding what it
means between the for and the if
statement, just that bit.
Um...
Okay,
so when you talk about the if statement,
Yes.
it doesn't loop.
Because if my name is Saloni, say hi,
which will be my right line, else goodbye.
So if my name is Saloni,
then only it will print out Saloni.
But when it comes to a for loop,
that means it will print my name Saloni
for as many.
times as I want. So it works like a loop.
So it goes on and on and on.
Does that make sense?
Yes, okay, so the if condition,
so the for loop will continue on and on
Yeah.
until it meets the condition within the
if, right, in if condition.
Sorry, I did not understand.
So...
Um...
I just just want to understand if the if
statement is true.
Yeah.
It will continue the look, right?
If the condition is true,
it will give out the desired output that
we want.
So I can actually share my screen.
I was just looking for an example.
A.
So if you look at the programmer's guide,
if we just look for the if statement,
what we want to do is we just have a
common programme in which it asks us
which language we want to use.
It asks the user, okay,
now if the user enters C,
It will print out this. That's it.
That's it. This is not a loop.
Yeah.
Like it will only print out once,
just once.
But now if you go for a for loop.
Yeah,
so if you go for a for loop in this one,
so for example, if I enter my target,
it's asking for the target from the user.
Now if I enter 10,
it will print out 10 until,
like it will print out 10.
So it will be 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8,
9, 10.
because that's my target.
So this is what is a main difference
between an if and a for loop. Now,
does this make sense?
Yeah, okay, so yeah,
given that you've entered 10, it will, so,
so the first, first one,
the int i equals zero.
Teh.
Um...
So that is when the loop will start from
zero.
Can you explain?
That is what it is telling the user that
the loop will start from zero. That's it.
Okay.
And then,
as long as I is less than the target.
It will print out.
It will continue, yeah.
Guess.
Okay,
so and then it will add on the next cycle,
it will add the one on the I.
Yes, yes, it will be 0, one, two, three,
4, 5, like that.
It will just go on and on.
Okay, okay, okay.
I think yes. Okay, I got it.
Okay.
Yeah, do you have any other questions?
I think I just need to just revise a bit
and I'll just familiarise myself with
this one.
Okay, perfect. If you have any questions,
just let me know.
Yes, just a program.
I think you will come to the class
tomorrow as well.
Yeah.
Yeah, okay.
So we'll discuss if you have any
questions tomorrow.
I will just get on a call with Ravi and
yeah,
I'll come back to you if you have any
doubts. If not,
I think we'll end the meeting. Okay.
Yep, I'm happy. I'll just do some reading.
Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Thank you. Bye.
Hi, Saloni, are you here?
Hi, sorry,
I was on another meeting with Ravi
Mohammed Umair. Do you have any questions?
Yes,
I have the question regarding my previous
assignment. I got...
A feedback that I had to discuss some.
I guess we don't have anyone on the call.
Do you want to share your screen here?
Yeah, sure, I can. Actually,
I'll have to turn on because I'm on my
Yeah.
mobile. I'll have to transfer. Sure,
just a second.
Um, sure.
I'll have to join from the laptop.
Is this the feedback on, oh,
am I your marking tutor?
It is Vrisha, actually.
Vrisha.
Yeah, already show you.
Uh, I can actually call her in.
Just give me a second.
Sure.
Vrisha, are you still in the meeting?
Hi, hi, sorry, yes.
But.
So this student of yours wanted to
discuss the task with you.
Do you want to discuss it with them?
Yeah, I'll call you, I'll call you.
Okay, perfect. All good. DENMAN,
do you have any questions?
Okay, thank you. Oh, yeah,
do you have any questions? Yes,
please go ahead.
Scheduling conflicts? Sorry,
could you elaborate a bit?
I think this is a matter you need to
discuss it with Aaron.
I don't have knowledge on the subject.
I have no idea about this.
You might have to talk to Aaron about it.
He might be the best person to contact.
Just because he is a unit chef with the
unit, so he would know how to, you know,
do that.
No,
we don't have the schedule yet for the
interviews because it depends on the
students who will pass or like who will
receive the discussed date for the test.
So we don't have the confirmed dates yet,
but it will be sent out to you a week
prior if you don't have the dates,
like if you don't have, for example,
if you've given 28th.
And if you're not happy with it,
so you can just go and ask Aaron about it,
that hey, I'm not available on this day.
Do you have another schedule?
And he will schedule you for the later
date. So it works like that.
Do you have any other questions?
So you can definitely e-mail Aaron and he
will schedule something that works best
for you.
Do you have any other questions?
I don't think that will remain unresolved.
You will obviously have the slots given
to you, always. We, in 10, 15 years,
we never had someone like that.
I don't think so it would, but if it is,
if still you had the issue,
you may talk to Aaron and he should be
able to help you out.
I think he did send you an e-mail.
It would be great to write down all your
questions and send an e-mail reply back.
Yeah, e-mail.
I think he did e-mail you and I saw the
e-mail also sent out to me because I was
on CC.
So you can definitely reply on the e-mail.
No, not the e-mail.
So what I'm trying to say here is that
you will be given a slot for the
interview.
If you're not okay with the slot,
you can ask for an alternative slot.
If you're not happy with the alternative
slot,
you will receive an alternative slot.
So you will get multiple options.
If you're not happy with either of it,
You can e-mail Aaron and cheque with him.
No,
I understand with the availability and
all,
but you can definitely e-mail Aaron and
cheque about the slots available.
I don't think so that we have received a
student ever in so many years who was not
available for the slots. So yeah.
No, I have no idea about this.
You might have to contact Aaron. I,
I don't have knowledge.
It's usually 6 to 8.
It's usually in the evening time,
not in the morning times,
as far as I know,
but you should speak to Aaron about it.
Do you have any other questions?
I think you should e-mail Aaron and
cheque about it. I have no idea.
Yeah,
but I don't have the answer to your query,
so you might have to wait for him.
I'm sorry about that.
I don't see any e-mail with me in CC 3
weeks ago,
but what I can do is if you e-mail it
right now,
put me in CC so that I understand when
you send the e-mail and when Aaron is
replying to you.
Put me in CC and it should help you out.
Do you have any other questions?
No, I have no idea about it.
You need to talk to Aaron about it. Sorry,
I really have no answer to it.
You need to talk to Aaron.
I would suggest you to send emails with
me in CC and then we'll see what to do.
I will make sure that you get the reply
within 24 hours.
That's the best I can do.
I'm sorry,
we don't have any other alternative
option.
Thank you, have a good evening.